c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\WebApi.UserModulo.dll.config
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\WebApi.UserModulo.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\WebApi.UserModulo.pdb
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\NHibernate.AspNet.Identity.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\obj\Debug\WebApi.UserModulo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\obj\Debug\WebApi.UserModulo.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi.UserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\obj\Debug\WebApi.UserModulo.pdb
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\hibernate.cfg.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\WebApi.UserModulo.dll.config
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\WebApi.UserModulo.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\WebApi.UserModulo.pdb
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\NHibernate.AspNet.Identity.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\obj\Debug\WebApi.UserModulo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\obj\Debug\WebApi.UserModulo.dll
C:\Users\Diego\git\WebApiUserModulo\WebApi.UserModulo\obj\Debug\WebApi.UserModulo.pdb
